everybody welcome back to doin lane
please the binding of issac afterbirth
plus where we lost still freakin head
trauma
God nonsense I hate it we got know damn
well we got one damaged upgrade let's do
darkness falls I was thinking like gee
we bounce back and forth between
challenges and normal runs we could or
we could not it doesn't really matter I
think you know we're going to do it all
eventually so let's strike while the
iron's hot our 84g FPC for darkness
falls gives you you're like unbelievably
stacked right off the bat we have
literally quadruple the damage we
started our last run with although not
quite as great of an ability to fire
tears although we can actually aim our
tears so it's really like it's kind of a
toss-up in fact I would say our last run
was definitely better and that's not any
joking at all involved there so if you
laughed at it that's harassment and go
screw yourself I was being extremely
very serious ok just by virtue of having
sac dagger we are the cop who can't be
stopped right now we will I mean I
actually forgot that this is a challenge
that existed I sort of don't understand
the unifying theme behind these items
except I mean they are all deal with the
devil items they're all like a little
evil they're all maybe these are all the
evil upgrades in the game but that
doesn't seem right
where Babylon is that an evil upgrade is
dead bird and evil upgrade I don't know
why they're all items that have a
certain McCobb nature associated with
them I suppose is that the easy way to
think about them now in many ways we
have to be careful because this is kind
of similar to our last run where we are
a little incentivized to like
deliberately lose all of our HP and if
we well all of our HP up to a certain
maximum and if we do that it's obviously
going to be very hard for us to win but
at the same time
this run is so much stronger than the
last run that it's almost comical and
you know I'll say the same thing that I
always said when I messed up challenges
in earlier videos I can't see what car
did was because gassy mexican has signed
on to play move or die I got to turn off
those steam notifications dude
but hey move or die now that's an
interesting game I would that game has
stood the test of time I think it's got
something netcode that's not perfect but
I dunno probably the best Mario Party
style game on PC that I can think of so
kudos to you I don't know if I ever told
this story but the mover died guys at
PAX East 2015 apparently they were fans
of the NSS or Savi and knew who we were
and were like hey maybe they'll play the
game on the show if we butter them up a
little bit I don't know which one's the
case but they had us record like a video
testimonial that I don't know if it ever
saw the light of day which is fair
because I was like jet-lagged and
sleep-deprived and we had spent the
night in the emergency room that night
it was like it couldn't have been a
glowing endorsement but anyway what's
the Paley bad gas don't you dare and we
ever had lump of coal on this save file
there's re no lump of coal we ever had
Krampus is head on the save file I'd say
that just because I fought Krampus like
once per video today and this is like
the third actually the fourth Isaac I'm
recording today I think he's given us a
lump of coal every single time so far
which is great like I'm 0% complaining
but but yes I mean this run is comically
stronger than our last one but I was
going to say that I'll say what I say on
every challenge run where I lose I like
losing on challenges because it means
that it's not just a themed run the you
steamroll it's actually a challenge I'm
not saying that it should fit the name
you know I'm just saying it's more
enjoyable when it's kind of when there's
stakes at play
speaking of which what's your favorite
kind of steak
otherwise said that is if I was like
Vsauce that's my favorite kind of steak
actually is a Vsauce anything in a
demi-glace Vsauce is fine by me
demi-glace free stuff made of
chanterelle mushrooms anyway I'm going
to be honest with you for a while I
didn't know I probably would have said
oh you know New York strip loin because
when you go to like a fast casual
restaurant that's like the most
expensive thing on the menu so it's got
to be good then you realize you get
older there's a whole world of steaks
out there and I think even up to like
relatively recently I probably would
have said rib eye because rib eye I
don't have any bombs rib eye a delicious
let's let's go down the pros and cons
mistakes here
rib eye delicious also trendy the Rin I
don't mean that to be like oh it's a hip
sters eat it but the rib eye is I think
the trendiest cut of steak so what all
the Millennials like yours truly are
eaten in this day and age that's how you
use yours truly right yours truly is
like me I thought so they always at the
end of the the letters in the olden days
they always wrote yours truly my name
not my name that you know their name you
get the idea
I'm assuming you get the idea coms rib
eyes man expensive also tends to be
fatty so if you're not into the beef fat
first off who are you
secondly maybe not a cut for you then
you got to think about you know the food
bone
I think the t-bone is where I actually
land as I get older and older t-bone
steaks cons expensive still a little
expensive for certain and it's the
t-bone steak is like it's been forever
ruined for people because it's what the
bus driver ate in the Adventures of Pete
and Pete the old show on the Nickelodeon
and he's not only a t-bone steaks but he
bought them cooked out
banning machine it was the show that was
a little off-kilter and that's why
people love him you know yours truly
included but I grew up thinking t-bone
steaks were kind of like a gross food
because Stu the bus driver bought it out
of a vending machine but maybe it was
like a Japanese vending machine in which
case is all hunky-dory right either way
what's the pros to the t-point the tea
boy longest pee boy never no you get the
best of both worlds with a t-bone you
get a little bit of fat you also get
that delicious cut a tenderloin but not
too much of it so that you feel guilty
about consuming it and then you know you
get a little bit of the of the like very
fleshy part of the steak as well but I
got it I'm a I'm a beef fat sort of man
I don't want a plate full of beef fat
but I know that my ancestors were into
some savage stuff because when I like
put rendered animal fat of almost any
variety into my mouth it's like my genes
are activated for the first time ever
they're like oh you just killed your
competition and ate them and I say no
genes we don't do that anymore okay
that's too far you're being savage on a
literal level not a metaphorical like
you can't say that on Twitter sort of
level but yeah there's there's some
carnivorous backstory I mean we probably
all have carnivores in our ancestral
history it is you know the norm makes
sense it's not like I'm a vegetarian
leave it leave it to me
I bought chickpeas instead of chicken
breasts this week for my lunches because
there was a lot cheaper and I was trying
to make a stand and all of a sudden I'm
like what my palate has really been
awakened I don't can't remember if I
told the story in Isaac videos yet but
this is a long story short was in a
grocery store renowned for being a
little bit pricier you can probably
guess the name of it but I've been
eating healthier so I meant to buy some
chicken breasts and you know I baked
them in the oven and then I like shred
the meat and I use the meat as
for salads but anyway there was six
chicken breasts $48 I was like ah I'm
not paying that and honestly I think
nobody should went over to the camp food
section by two cans of chickpeas instead
fried them up with some spices and you
know they've been a delicious snack
slash salad ingredient this week but all
of a sudden I'm pretending I'm
vegetarian despite the fact that I had a
ham smoothie for breakfast that's not
true
but for a second so a brief picosecond I
bet you believed I'm going to avoid
talking about animal fats oh I think we
need to go a whole episode into what is
the best animal fat because I mean
mostly we already know the answer the
best animal fat is duck fat once this is
sincere I this is a story I got told but
my girlfriend in college one year I won
like 18 month period in college I got
really into cooking you know I would
watch like America's Test Kitchen and be
like I'm going to high roast a chicken
this weekend and I roast a chicken I
would be like oh that looks like a great
rack of lamb less recipe even though a
rack of lamb is like you know wicked
expensive let's get a rack of lamb and
then you know roast that this weekend a
little bit unusual for a college student
I'll admit but either way she got me a
very thoughtful birthday gift which was
like exotic meats from the from a local
butcher and I was like that's a great
gift
it's an unusual gift no doubt but it's a
gift that fit for the occasion
I still think like if I got exotic ish
meats as a gift to this day I would be
like relatively pleased with that that'd
like coffee is more than my thing now
but still and one of the exotic meats
and it's not that exotic depending where
you live but it was for my relatively
pedestrian town was a duck breast so I
cooked the duck breast recipe I found
online
I ate it it was okay I clearly you know
I need more experience in that
department to the handle a fatty sort of
like gamey red meat like duck but either
way I saved the fat because it was
recommended I cooked some potatoes in
that the next day and it's like
the caps lock is cruise control for cool
duck fat is cruise control for delicious
like I did nothing different but I cubed
potatoes put them into a skillet use
duck fat instead of olive oil and I was
like this is the best potato based meal
I've ever can well not really a meal but
you get the idea of is the best potatoes
I've ever eaten in my entire life
I would recommend it at like
outrageously now I've since that time
how many times have I've rendered my own
duck fat zero it's not it don't think
it's really advisable as like an
everyday sort of thing I'm just saying
you know if you ever get the chance if
someone ever says I've got some duck fat
fried potatoes don't go ooh that's weird
trust me give him a shot if the
opportunity presents itself you'll be I
think you'll be pleased unless they
botched it in which case you know tough
break kid I guess but I digress it was a
good gift the results actually like a
lot of it turned out badly because of
user error but I got like a Cornish game
hen I cooked it and I was like this
stinks I said whatever I did at this
Cornish game hen I should apologize to
the bird for it but there and the other
one that was a hit was the rack of lamb
the aforementioned rack of lamb was like
I don't like making that noise but it
deserved it in this situation jumper
cables not relevant
taro cloth always relevant although I'm
always bummed out that it actually does
not work with a question mark card but
you know that's for a later day like TJ
from the weekenders
he says later days right on that I'm
misremembering that has been a while
the weekenders came out just as I was
getting a little bit too old to be
watching one Saturday morning on ABC so
you know that that's about where like my
childhood ends it's like the last modern
cards do that in rocket power last
modern cartoons I watched as a child
what a sad story so we lost our last
episode because we went too fast I stand
by that as the long-term cause of why we
lost our last episode so let's be
smarter and slow it down a little bit
and start to play better Isaac what I
want to do this challenge again mind you
we will never have to do this challenge
again because the odds of us losing are
very very small at this point and this
challenge is easy so it's almost like
not even a chore to do it again but it's
still if there's no reason to lose then
let's you know try something wild and
try not to lose I know I'm probably
using sack bag or too much it's a bad
habit but it's also like a beautiful
item my speed is so high that I should
probably take a cue from you know not
being an idiot and just run circles
around the enemies in order to get like
black powder to just crush them but what
can I say you know no surprise to me
sometimes I am my own worst enemy
I recognize by the way many people have
pointed this out one achievement that
I'm not sure if I'm looking forward to
or not looking forward to is 31 Daly's I
mean we got we got bigger fish to fry
before that becomes a generally a
genuine issue but 31 Daly's there's no
way to accomplish each other runs you
could accomplish faster than you'd
expect like one I've run a day it's
going to take us a while to do some of
these 31 dailies for 30 dailies you got
no choice is going to take you 31 days
it doesn't get me unless you've got a
time machine it's going to take you that
long so at some point probably well down
the line we probably will have like a
month of dailies or maybe we'll have a
month of you know one daily and one
regular as video a day we'll see how the
other chips fall right I'm going to be a
little risky little risky Lewton risky
new risky secret room probably I already
checked there I might have already
checked there and we could have done
that and noticed that it never would
have worked but I okay okay we don't
want battery baby
we probably and by probably I mean
definitely one this and then why not
take compost like we're not getting
anything out of the razorblade
compost I don't expect to be incredible
but at least it can accomplish something
for us you might be asking why you you
know shopping at Whole Foods whoops did
I accidentally name the grocery we all
know that if you see six chicken breasts
for 48 bucks it's at Whole Foods the
answer is
that it was the closest grocery store at
the time I'm not proud of it but it's
honest-to-god truth I needed chicken
breasts it was open to ten or open until
ten and it seemed like the appropriate
course of actually you know what had it
not been for that decision
I might not have discovered that it's
very easy to fry your own chickpeas and
make them delicious nice substitute for
you know something that might be too
expensive or you know relatively
unhealthy to put in your in your meals
and I just really feel like chickpeas
also known as garbanzo beans which I
caught a lot of flack for saying
garbanzo beans a silly name apparently
they're just called garbanzo in Spanish
I respect that it makes sense right
there I'm assuming Bonzo means bean
something like that on a gar means
garbanzos garbanzo beans like I wasn't
trying to be accidentally racist towards
the Spanish language but we call them
chickpeas all right garbanzo beans is
like what you're 88 year old grandmother
calls them and that's fine she's stuck
in her ways but we're in chicopee world
now okay
I think it's an underappreciated
vegetable they're basically like little
potatoes but you know they're used in
nobody's even mashed chickpeas actually
a lot of people are eating mashed
chickpeas it's called hummus but let's
try this on for size sure that's
acceptable if you've never end I
probably did not eat a chickpea and I
know that we're bordering on accidental
double entendre territory I probably did
not eat a chickpea until the age of like
20 just never came up again I was in a
town where duck was a an exotic meat
apparently dude thank you hero font for
allowing me to play badly without being
punished like there's really no excuse
to be using sack daggers exclusively at
this point it's getting a little on the
silly side but anyway thank you for that
as well
come on the Deaf's to this ones are like
cruising and
it was love at first bite hummus falafel
fantastic and the chickpea introduced me
to the lentil and it's been a you know a
love love relationship ever since I've
got the items Queens but if you've never
found yourself having a chickpea you I'm
telling you can of chickpeas drain the
water put a little olive oil in a
skillet getting nice and hot we don't
want that we don't want that we don't
want that that much we do want property
you know what let's do it dude so what
some +14 damage on this one and yet
still somehow sack dagger seems like the
faster option to get the kills weird
anyway fry it up with some salt and
pepper given enough time until it's
crispy and delicious you'll love it's
like a spherical potato chip chickpea
doesn't get enough respect man huge
growth also crushes rocks so we should
actually be careful this video I should
just point out is sponsored by the
United States chickpea Association
centered in Almeida California did I not
put that disclosure in the title that's
my bed again probably about 0.25 percent
of the people watching this are going to
think that that's serious and be mad so
it's really up to the remainder of you
to laugh at that joke and make me feel
like it was worth doing it in the first
place thank you thank you thought I hear
your laughter resonating throughout the
weave of time and I either from the
movie wanted style and I appreciate that
thank you so much really appreciate it
okay
there's again no reason for us to do
this but I'm hopeful that this is almost
like a band-aid style solution to me
using Sachs dagger and I said that
without even realizing that as I was
saying it I was using Sachs dagger which
should tell you that it's probably not
going to fit the bill we should have
picked up that spirit arm but the idea
is now that our tears are doing so much
damage because they have proptosis we
don't have as much of an incentive to
get in there with SAC dagger right off
the bat you know we're a little bit more
incentivized to preserve our HP but I'm
still like jumping in there with SAC
dagger at every available opportunity I
can't be helped I'm beyond help at this
point it's like Mickey Rourke and the
wrestler you know we all know what the
final scene of this run is going to be
it's just the you know we're futile e
raging against that good night hoping it
doesn't come to pass camera
losing a lot of red hearts too but less
relevant than it's ever been that might
be the final wave this might be the
final I know we're getting close I just
have like I have been in this game a
long time you know where I've got a
sense of the fact that we're coming
close to the end of boss rush here it's
like you ever watch a good movie in the
theater probably right try to you have
like a scene that you really like and
then you think you checked like your own
internal clock and you're like could
this be the climax of the movie no I
hope not I know this makes me like a
little bit of a shield but I kind of
felt that was like one scene in in
spider-man homecoming and I was like if
this is the central action set piece of
the movie I'm going to leave being a
little disappointed because I feel like
this movie's got more to show me that
was like another hour after that my
internal clock was all sorts of jacked
up ended up working out completely fine
all right well we're ballin on this run
clearly we also turned our own bomb into
a spider know you can do that
I thought live bombs are kind of immune
to that effect but not salty it's
actually kind of an interesting effect I
would like another bomb though it's
possible like not really too useful all
we gotta do is beat Sheol we got kind of
what seems to be a reusable fly army
here so I'm pretty sure that we're gonna
we're going to finish this run being
completely said now that is our first
tiers upgrade I'm so happy because dude
thank you this low tiers is I think even
more so than low damage if I've got a
great orbital and a low rate of fire my
brain is like hardwired to only use the
orbital if I'm shooting real quick it's
so much easier for me to just back the
eff up and then immediately take damage
despite being behind the play for some
reason
whirring I'm kind of like breeding my
own bad habits here but you know what
there's never been a better time then
while the best time to plant a tree is
twenty years ago the second best time to
stop having a bad habit is right now so
let's work our way through that start
playing well we're doing 17 damage if
you can't be content doing 17 damage you
got a problem it's as simple as that you
know you're not being reasonable
17 Damon's damages outrageously good
give me one bomb and turn the rest of
these into flies thank you
do you Bertie Cooper to speed down not
that bad we can absorb that there's like
a certain element of psychology going on
in an Isaac run like this like I know
maybe see what's inside of it before you
free roll the entire chest um I know
that deep in your heart I still I know
that if I didn't have sack dagger I
would be like this runs incredible I'll
do it
just let me beat mom's heart then I'll
do it I got to hedge my bets on a
challenge you know why because I would
do the opposite if we if we had a
challenge like head trauma for example
and we came across a reroll room
I'm reroll in it no doubt that's part of
the thrill of the kill my man so we got
to pay the RNG troll whenever we can and
I'll take it because I want to reroll as
many items as possible it's probably a
very silly decision but let's go got
Leviathan we got a charge bar and
regular brimstone that's incredible
magic mush or damn it we got magic mush
and yet our damage is that you know
diminished I'm not going to fight the
hush on this one that seems a little
ridiculous but I will fight down here
I will say you know 4.96 damage is way
worse than 17 damage but 4.96 damage
with brimstone is still really good
we still have sack daggers so that
didn't go anywhere
we have shielded tears so like
defensively we're in a great spot what
did we lose I guess we lost proptosis so
that costs us a lot of damage but what
else could we have lost that that could
have had such an impact you know this is
just one of those edge cases you learn
when you play Isaac marked is always bad
always bad unless you have a charged
item and if you got a charged item then
marks is like actually one of the best
cures upgrades in the game it's like
some I before E except after C sort of
nonsense except it's actually true most
of the time unlike that old song and
dance speed down you know what ah now we
do not get my money right NL you ever
going to come up with a song from like
the last 10 years for stuff like that
no I'm always going to use Kanye West's
magnum opus 2007 can't tell me nothing
excuse me was you saying something
uh-uh you can't tell me nothing one of
my friends back in 2007 we're still
friends to this day but we were friends
back then too - I feel like a little
Mitch Hedberg ISM you know this is Kanye
West's third album graduation where yes
or 8:08 and heartbreak that's another
story altogether
but celebration graduation I can't
remember it doesn't matter anyway the
the first single came out can't tell me
nothing and my friend message me and
he's like I don't know dude and this
might be the end for Kanye West I don't
that can't tell me nothing single is I
mean it's alright but it's no like you
know Jesus walks
I was like you know agree to disagree I
think time has proven that he was
absolutely right I mean you never hear
anything about Kanye
anymore my beautiful doctor said what no
I don't understand there's no like
that's the end of that anecdote anyway
throw this bomb down I realized by the
way why are damage is not good it is
because we have tech - so tech - is
always a damage multiplier but in the
less than one proportion you know it's
it's a damage multiplier but it lowers
your damage you can still multiply
things and make them smaller you just
multiply them by something that's less
than one my free alright we've one easy
run but a little bit on the longer side
because we went further so that's going
to do it for today if you guys enjoyed
the episode we unlike the Gods classic
room if you enjoyed it click the like
button I'll set a great deal of course
subscribe if you wanna see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time